So, Mr. Gu is just worried about you
You said if you drove home alone
What should I do if I meet a second wave of people?
So long-winded
Thank you, Mr. Gu
Your home address
Riverside Garden Riverside Garden
What a coincidence my wife's father
Hello Mr. Gu
The agreement was not signed today
Yunyao said that he let me dove temporarily
Sorry.
Trash can't do this little thing well
Three days, give me three more days.
I'll do it well.
You go to Riverside Garden right now
Bring the agreement
What a coincidence
Lucan, what building do you live in? 6
Duan Tezhu, please stop in front of you for a while
I think I saw my brother, he should be here to pick me up
You can stop right in front.
Mr. Gu
Thank you today, are you sure you don't need to go to the hospital?
It's a work injury
It's really okay.
How have you been?
He fainted and went to the hospital.